There are many ways that you can contribute to the development of the ad
module:
 1. Testing.
 2. Documentation.
 3. Code.
 4. Money.


1. Testing

   The ad project is a large and complex collection of modules.  As new
  features are added, unfortunately new bugs are sometimes added too.  And
  unfortunately these bugs can go undetected in my development environment.
  By installing the ad module on your server, testing it, and reporting any
  problems that you run into, you help to improve the project.

   Before submitting bug reports, please be sure that you are running the
  latest version of the code, as your bug may have already been fixed.  Also,
  please be sure to review the existing bug reports that other people have
  already submitted so I don't have to waste time cleaning up duplicate bug
  reports -- I maintain this project on a volunteer basis and already have
  little enough time as is.  Finally, be sure to review the included
  documentation to be sure that you have properly installed and configured the
  module.

   Bug reports can be viewed and submitted at the following URL:
     http://drupal.org/project/issues/ad


2. Documentation.

   There is limited documentation built into the modules, and additional
  documentation found in the documentation directory distributed with the ad
  module.  However, documentation can always be improved.  You don't need to
  know how to write code or create patches to help improve the documentation.
  You can simply rewrite documentation files and attach them to the project's
  issue queue at the following URL:
     http://drupal.org/project/issues/ad


3. Code.

   There are plenty of issues listed in the project's queue waiting until I
  find the time to code up fixes.  If you are a PHP coder yourself, it is
  tremendously helpful if you track down bugs and submit fixes!  It's most
  helpful if you submit fixes for both the 4.7.x and 5.x versions of the
  module.

   In addition to fixing bugs, you are also welcome to contribute new
  features.  It's preferred when new features use the ad module's many hooks
  and are implemented in external modules.


4. Money.

   I maintain the ad module in my spare time.  While cash donations are not in
  any way required, they are certainly appreciated.  The simplest way to donate
  money is to use PayPal and send the donation to my email address:
  jeremy@tag1consulting.com.  If you are unable to use PayPal, drop me a note at
  that same email address and we can work out something else.

   I also offer consulting services, and can be contracted to add specific
  functionality to the module.  Contact me at jeremy@tag1consulting.com for
  more information.
